doc(BDropdown): Parity pass on component and helpers (#2243)
bootstrap-vue-next/bootstrap-vue-next: apps/docs/src/docs/components/dropdown.md

By default, the left split button uses the same `variant` as the `toggle` button. You can give the
split button its variant via the `split-variant` prop.

<<< DEMO ./demo/DropdownSplitButtonVariant.vue#template{vue-html}

### Dark mode

> Dar variants for components were deprecated in Bootstrap v 5.3.0. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dark variants for components were deprecated in Bootstrap v5.3.0. See
```
